Rename Services to Actions in integrations: U (#33830)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/utility_meter.markdown

From a user perspective, utility meters operate in cycles (usually monthly) for billing purposes. This sensor will track a source sensor values, automatically resetting the meter based on the configured cycle. On reset an attribute will store the previous meter value, providing the means for comparison operations (e.g., "did I spend more or less this month?") or billing estimation (e.g., through a sensor template that multiplies the metered value per the charged unit amount).

> Some utility providers have different tariffs according to time/resource availability/etc. The utility meter enables you to define the various tariffs supported by your utility provider and accounts your consumptions in accordance. When tariffs are defined a new {% term entity %} will show up indicating the current tariff. In order to change the tariff, the user must perfrom an action, usually through an automation that can be based in time or other external source (eg. a REST sensor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some utility providers have different tariffs according to time/resource availability/etc. The utility meter enables you to define the various tariffs supported by your utility provider and accounts for your consumption accordingly. When tariffs are defined a new {% term entity %} will show up, indicating the current tariff. In order to change the tariff, the user must perform an action, usually through an automation that can be based on time or other external sources (for example, a REST sensor).
```
